here are the following items needed you
will need some all-purpose flour dried
parsley flakes salt ground black pepper
corn starch and of course a russet
potato some onions and an egg I'm so
excited I finally get to use my V slicer
I'm going to start off by slicing my
potato into thin julienne strips safety
first don't forget to use your guard
when slicing because it is very
dangerous
as you can see you get nice long
julienne strips I'm gonna do a run cup
of thinly sliced onion
now add your dry parsley flakes
all-purpose flour and cornstarch the
cornstarch will help make the hash brown
extra crispy ground black pepper and
salt for taste toss and mix everything
together if you want to get messy you
can use your hand or if not use a pair
of tongs I'm going to add one beat an
egg to is this mixture just divide
everything together again you want to
toss and mix in a medium non-stick pan
on high heat I'm going to add in some
cooking oil make sure the pan is really
hot before you put in your hash bone
mixture once you add the mixture on the
pan make sure you sort of spread it
evenly and thin that way you'll get a
beautiful crunch on the exterior of the
hash brown I've reduced my heat to
medium-high heat you want to cook each
side until it's got a beautiful brown
color before you flip it or each side it
should take about three to four minutes
it's ready to be flipped look at that
you get the beautiful brown color now
just cook the other side until it's
golden brown and Lola it's done
I like to put it on a piece of paper
towel when it's done just to soak a bit
of that oil out I love to serve this
with a side of ketchup I hope you guys
give this recipe a try as always I want
to say thank you everyone so much for
watching and I'll see you next time bye